docs: Add CONTRIBUTING.md and DEVELOPER.md (#739)
azatoth/twinkle: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Style guideline

For consistency and to cut down on potential errors, we've recently decided to utilize a more coherent style throughout the code.  [eslint][eslint.org] can be used to check your code before submission and even repair many common issues.  To install via `npm`, just run `npm install` from the main Twinkle directory in your terminal.  You can then freely check your code by running `npm run lint`, and if you run `npm run lint:fix` then `eslint` will clean up some (but not all!) style differences.  More information on specific style rules can be seen in [issue #500][fivehundred] and in `.eslintrc.json`, but the best advice is to just follow the style of surrounding code!  Some specific examples and deviations are elucidated below.

- Quotes: Single quotes should be used around strings, such as when using `mw.config.get('wgUserName')`
- Spacing: `if (condition) {`
- Each: The `array.forEach(function(item) {` method is preferable to `$.each(array, function(index, item) {`

## Expectations of Participants

> Everyone is welcome and encouraged to join in, regardless of experience.  Anybody submitting issues, code, reviews, or comments to the repository is expected to do so while complying with Wikimedia's [Code of Conduct for technical spaced][conduct].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone is welcome and encouraged to join in, regardless of experience.  Anybody submitting issues, code, reviews, or comments to the repository is expected to do so while complying with Wikimedia's [Code of Conduct for technical spaces][conduct].
```

- The steps leading up to the issue so we can replicate it.  This should include the page and revision you were on, the action you were performing, and the options you selected.
- Any errors or messages that Twinkle reported an error when it got stuck.
- What you think *should* have happened.
- Anything you can find in your [browser's console window][jserrors].

## Contributing a pull request
### Getting started

If you'd like to help with Twinkle's development, wonderful!  Anyone can contribute, and it's easy to get set up to do so.

First, familiarize yourself with the code; most likely, the changes you want are to one of the [modules](./modules); you can also check out the [individual Gadget pages][twinkle_gadget] onwiki.  If you want to propose changes yourself, [fork the repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) to make sure you always have the latest versions.  If you're new to GitHub or Git in general, you probably want to read [Getting started with GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github) first.

Once you've got a local fork up and running, commit your changes!

### Testing your code

> Testing Twinkle can be tricky, but the best way to test your code is to open up your [browser's console window][jserrors] and paste in your new code.  You'll have to load the new version by running the corresponding function in your console, e.g., `Twinkle.protect()` for twinkleprotect.js.

Author: YMMV, although I agree.  Going with "straightforward" as I try to avoid using the word "simple" in instructional material.

I *do* plan to incorporate some of the excellent material you added to the wiki, but was leaving that for a later update to DEVELOPER.md with some other things I want to document.

```suggestion
Testing Twinkle can be tricky, but the most straightforward way to test your code is to open up your [browser's console window][jserrors] and paste in your new code.  You'll have to load the new version by running the corresponding function in your console, e.g., `Twinkle.protect()` for twinkleprotect.js.
```

> Testing Twinkle can be tricky, but the best way to test your code is to open up your [browser's console window][jserrors] and paste in your new code.  You'll have to load the new version by running the corresponding function in your console, e.g., `Twinkle.protect()` for twinkleprotect.js.

Reviewer: Importing the code from your local directly into the production wiki is a clever idea! Some years ago I asked others how they did testing/feature development, and they were all using the console. Will this still work after the [CSP header stuff](https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/T28508) goes live? At any rate, I agree it's worth mentioning here, now or in a separate PR.

> Testing Twinkle can be tricky, but the best way to test your code is to open up your [browser's console window][jserrors] and paste in your new code.  You'll have to load the new version by running the corresponding function in your console, e.g., `Twinkle.protect()` for twinkleprotect.js.

Reviewer 2: I left a note at [phab](https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/T135963#5610199) requesting localhost from being allowed in CSP. APerson [did the same](https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/T135963#4843260) some time back it seems to have been ignored.

### Submitting your pull request

When you are ready to submit, commit your changes on a new branch, then [initiate a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).  The title of your pull request should be the module you are proposing changes to, followed by a brief but descriptive explanation of what the changes do, such as:

    xfd: Prevent sysops from deleting the main page

The usual rule of thumb is that a good subject line will complete the sentence "*If applied, this commit will...*"  The full commit message is a good place to explain further details, both for reviewers and anyone in the future, specifically focusing on *why* the changes are being made, not *how*.  There are many guides to writing good commit messages, one particularly helpful one is by @cbeams: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

> If you made multiple commits while working on the same feature, it's a good idea to [squash and rebase your commits](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History) before submitting your PR; a good policy is that every commit should be capable of replacing the live on-wiki Gadget file for all users.  Separate ideas or enhancements should be different commits, and entirely separate concepts should be different pull requests.  For example, if you made three commits while changing the pulldown options in `twinkleprotect.js` and `twinklebatchprotect.js`, those should be squashed into one commit, but if you also disabled loading `twinklespeedy.js` and `twinklexfd.js` on the mainpage, that should be a separate pull request.  See also [how to file a bug report or feature request](README.md#how-to-file-a-bug-report-or-feature-request).

Reviewer 3: "PR" should be defined before it is used

### Style guideline

For consistency and to cut down on potential errors, we've recently decided to utilize a more coherent style throughout the code, both .  [eslint][eslint.org] can be used to check your code before submission and even repair many common issues.  To install via `npm`, just run `npm install` from the main Twinkle directory in your terminal.  You can then freely check your code by running `npm run lint`, and if you run `npm run lint:fix` then `eslint` will clean up some (but not all!) style differences.  More information on specific style rules can be seen in [issue #500][fivehundred] and in `.eslintrc.json`, but the best advice is to just follow the style of surrounding code!  Some specific examples and deviations are elucidated below.

- Quotes: Single quotes should be used around strings, such as when using `mw.config.get('wgUserName')`
- Spacing:  `if (condition) {`
- Each: The `array.forEach(function(item) {` method is preferable to `$.each(array, function(index, item) {`

## Expectations of Participants

> Everyone is welcome and encouraged to join in, regardless of experience.  In lieu of a code of conduct, anybody submitting issues, code, reviews, or comments to the repository is expected to do so while complying with the English Wikipedia's [policies and guidelines][PAGs], in particular those regarding [conduct toward one another][conduct].

Reviewer 2: this is hardly a popular repo :) At any rate the CoC you link to looks a lot better and less bureaucratic than enwiki policy pages.

> Everyone is welcome and encouraged to join in, regardless of experience.  In lieu of a code of conduct, anybody submitting issues, code, reviews, or comments to the repository is expected to do so while complying with the English Wikipedia's [policies and guidelines][PAGs], in particular those regarding [conduct toward one another][conduct].

Author: That's excellent @MusikAnimal, thanks!  I've subbed that in.

If we're relying on the WMF's CoC, another option would be to explicitly include a `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` that links to the above, quoting the particulars and leaving out references to things like reporting to emergency@ and the [shadowy Committee](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Code_of_Conduct/Committee/Members) (in particular the very-shadowy second member).
